different types of diseases available:
Tomato Early blight disease
Common rust on corn disease
Black Measles disease
Bacterial spot peppers disease
Septoria Leaf Spot disease
Blossom end rot disease
Potato Scab disease
Downy Mildew disease
Anthracnose disease
Crown Gall disease
Brown Rot disease
Corn Smut disease
Bacterial Canker disease
Black Knot disease.

solutions for Black Knot
Method 1:Inspect your trees carefully for first signs of the disease This is best done in winter, when leaves are absent, but should be continued as well throughout the growing season Look for cracks, discoloration, swelling, or other first signs of infection Check carefully around twig and leaf axils
Method 2:The Alberta Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry has a detailed guide to pruning and disposing of infected trimmings at their website.
solutions for Tomato Early blight
Method 1:Make sure to disinfect your pruning shears (one part bleach to 4 parts water) after each cut, 
Method 2:Containing copper and pyrethrins, Bonide Garden Dust is a safe, one-step control for many insect attacks and fungal problems For best results, cover both the tops and undersides of leaves with a thin uniform film or dust Depending on foliage density, 10 oz will cover 625 sq ft
Repeat applications every 7-10 days, as needed.
solutions for Common rust on corn
Method 1:The best management practice is to use resistant corn hybrids Fungicides can also be beneficial, especially if applied early when few pustules have appeared on the leaves
Method 2:Since the pathogen does not survive in Nebraska, cultivation and crop rotation do not affect common rust development.
solutions for Black Measles
Method 1:Lime sulfur sprays can manage the trio of pathogens that cause black measles, also known as young vine decline, in California vineyards, says a University of California plant pathologist
Method 2:An alternative treatment is packing infected vine cavities with any tar-like substance to seal off the fungi and stop release of their spores.
solutions for Bacterial spot peppers
Method 1:Use disease-free seed that has been produced in western states or seed that has been hot water treated One infested seed in 10,000 may easily result in 100% diseased plants in the field under proper conditions
Method 2:Practice crop rotation Use at least 1-year rotation between tomato or pepper crops with nonhost crops.
solutions for Septoria Leaf Spot
Method 1:Removing infected leaves Remove infected leaves immediately, and be sure to wash your hands thoroughly before working with uninfected plants
Method 2:Consider organic fungicide options Fungicides containing either copper or potassium bicarbonate will help prevent the spreading of the disease Begin spraying as soon as the first symptoms appear and follow the label directions for continued management.
solutions for Blossom end rot 
Method 1:Choose resistant vegetable varieties whenever possible
Method 2:Prevent problems by keeping soil evenly moist and by foliar spraying plants with a kelp or calcium solution.
solutions for Potato Scab
Method 1:Plant certified, disease-free seed potatoes and resistant varieties whenever possible We suggest using the russet-skinned varieties since they have more resistance to the disease
Method 2:Rotate root crops by planting in alternate locations to limit the disease.
solutions for Downy Mildew disease
Method 1:Prune or stake plants and remove any weeds to improve air circulation
Method 2:Water in the early morning hours, or use a soaker hose, to give the plants time to dry out during the day.
solutions for Anthracnose
Method 1:Choose resistant plant varieties when possible and use western grown seeds which have not been exposed to the disease
Method 2:If this fungal problem is common, do NOT save your own seed from plantings.
solutions for Crown Gall
Method 1:Select resistant cultivars when possible and purchase plants from a reputable nursery
Method 2:Do not buy plants that shows signs of swelling or galling.
solutions for Brown Rot
Method 1:Choose resistant varieties whenever possible
Method 2:Prompt removal and destruction of infected plant parts helps breaks the life cycle of the disease in individual trees and small orchards, and may be sufficient to keep brown rot below damaging levels.
solutions for Corn Smut
Method 1:Choose the best resistant varieties, such as silver king, fantasia, brilliant and seneca sensation, when available
Method 2:In backyard gardens, collecting and destroying galls before the dark fungal spores are released is suggested This will limit the number of available fungal spores and help break the disease-cycle.
solutions for Bacterial Canker
Method 1:Prune flowering trees during blooming when wounds heal fastest
Method 2:Remove wilted or dead limbs well below infected areas.

Top 5 Indian Agrochemical Companies:
UPL Limited company
Ghada Group company
Indofil Industries company
Bharat Group company
Coromandel International company.

Types of herbicides
EPTC, MOA 8
Ethalfluralin, MOA 3
Flumioxazin, MOA 14
alosulfuron-methyl, MOA 2
Napropamide, MOA 15.

Human Poisoning
If you need medical attention right now, call the Poison Control Center at 800-222-1222
You can also visit the EPA page on herbicide Emergency Information for general first aid instructions
For information on poisoning symptoms and treatment information for specific herbicide, view the EPA publication Recognition and Management of herbicide Poisonings
To discuss a herbicide poisoning call NPIC or visit our herbicide incidents page.

How should I mix or apply this product
If directions on a product label are unclear or if you have questions, consider calling the manufacturer of the product. If you cannot find the phone number for a company, call us for help at 800-858-7378.
A product label may not say what you are not allowed to do with it Labels usually only list how you are allowed to use the product If it isn't on the label, don't do it In general,there are a few safe use practices you may wish to follow.

How long will a herbicides stay in my yard
The breakdown of a chemical is measured by its half-life Each ingredient will move differently in the environment herbicides ingredients vary in their potential to dissolve, vaporize, bind to soils, or enter groundwater
If you have an herbicide, use the Herbicide Properties Tool to find how it might move in the environment.

How can I wash out herbicides from dirty work clothes
Handle dirty clothes with gloves and keep them in a bag away from pets and children until they can be washed
Wash the clothing separately from family laundry to prevent cross-contamination. 












